just a messy todo list. its honestly for notes, reminders of things that need to be done.

ffrpc
- Decide which services to remake (we currently have multiple services, not all of which need to be separate services. figure which we can group up, and figure out new names for them all)
- Refactor the protocol for ffrpc-communication. Something HTTP based
- Refactor each service
- Adjust everything to suit.

subscriptions class refactor - make it a model, not just functions that access the database.

post class refactor - should be static, no reason it shouldn't be.

additional authentication - enable it in user settings, also complete hotp. forms dont need to be dynamically generated from a object in each additional auth class.

audits - ????? remember what i need to do

knowledge base

announcements - admin management is not implemented

consider migrating announcements knowledgebase to both use the same wysiwyg

payment - thorough testing

cache - reconsider caching structure, perhaps remove mysql caching - objective is to remove weight from mysql database, not add to it - but in some cases, it does.

handlers - unsure about the name 'handlers' for exceptions and errors, maybe consider changing. Feels impropper.

http folder - check if we use this anywhere, if we don't, remove it. We require CURL, which is far more secure.

HTML Purifier Caching - Making our own HTML Purifier caching module to function with the Fried-Fame caching system.

FFRPC SSL support - It's a VPN, security is priority.

submitting a post request that has an error, correcting the error and
resubmitting it, will create a new session? strange behavior. look into it.

Refactor language class - I dislike the style in which it was written.

Refactor session class - I trust that it works, but sections are poorly written
and it should be refactored along with the language refactor. There are bad
parts of the session class due to there being bad parts in language class. (not
'bad' persay, just not great :p)

Payment
  - Torough testing
  - Plan management (add, suspend, edit, etc)
  - Currency rehaul - Remove currency conversion, realistcally we only need support to change currency prefix.

landing page email sign up button - feels out of place
